Keys references (#167)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/advanced_guides/keys.md

- an environment variable: `MEILI_MASTER_KEY=xxx`
- a CLI option: `./meilisearch --master-key "xxx"`

> With this master key, you can retrieve the private key and the public using the [keys route](/references/keys.md).

Author: ```suggestion
With this master key: a private key and a public key will be generated. They can be retrieved using the [keys route](/references/keys.md).
```
